The Web is always changing
and the way we access it is changing
The source of that change is you
Developers all around the world who are using our tools to create great new things
and with so many tools, the sky is the limit
But it cant happen without you and your ideas
We want to know you better
so we created a new place just for that
to hear from you
We want to hear what inspires you as a developer
and how we can help.
Here you can record a video, share stories with us and more
Let us know what being a Google developer means to you
and you can talk to us in person at Google Developer events all over the world.
so we can learn how to support you better.
Oh, btw, we also started rolling a new site for Google Developers
Not just code but community, news, tools and other resources
and cake
Like any open source project it's a work in progress
with your help it can be great
developers.google.com/stories
Change is important to the Web. Help us keep changing it together